What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	A new git is created, allowing version history to be conducted on the folder

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area provides a platform to ensure that you would like to commit
	It allows to double check before a permanent commit

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	Analyze the changes which were made, maybe so one can do multiple commtis

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	Creating new partisions of a program, multiple people are working. Branches allow
	the core to be the same while groups are participating in the changes.
	
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	See the logical flow.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	Combination of changes or change the master baster branch. Represented to show branches
	running together

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
to many noisy commits  vs. takes more time

Commands:

git add  |    Add a file to the staging area
git commit  |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository 
git status  |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository    
git diff  |    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
git diff --staged  |    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard  |    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
git checkout -b new_branch_name  |    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on this branch in one call instead of git branch new_branch_name and git checkout new_branch_name
git merge branch1 branch2  |    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged into branch1
git branch -d name  |    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId  |    Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.

